--- Page 1 ---
 Shutters 
National Blind Suppliers offers a wide range of shutters to suit all budgets and purposes.  Essentially, we have 
3 types of Shutters from two different suppliers.  The two suppliers currently used are Sunline and NBS.  The 
NBS shutter is manufactured here in Australia and has the quickest lead time of around three weeks.  
1.
These shutters are provided with a Warrantee depending on the manufacturer ranging from 12months 
to 10years. Please refer to individual Info sheets.   
2.
The composition of the imported Fusion Plus PVC shutter is PVC with an Aluminium core. 
Characteristics include, recyclability, Aluminium insert for increased strength, hypoallergenic, 
nonsupport of bacteria, Fire retardant and Termite resistant. 
3.
Sovereign Wood shutter is crafted from A-Grade American Basswood and is for indoor use only, and 
not recommended for any wet areas.  The American Basswood (tilia americana) constructed shutter is 
light, stable and has a uniform grain. It is resistant to warping, workable, durable and comes in a 
variety of finishes. 
4.
Element 13, our Aluminium Shutter is made from extruded Aluminium which can be used both for 
internal and external use. Being aluminum, it is highly strong, lightweight and resistant to corrosion. 
Element 13 has a variety of blade sizes and colours. 
5.
Lastly, we also offer an Aussie made PVC Shutter for those who don’t want the long lead time 
associated with overseas shutters.  These are available in one colour only and have a lead time of 
approximately 3 weeks. 
Each of these types of shutters has its own unique characteristics, colours, order forms and size guides. Some 
of this information will be contained in the pricing information sheets, however, more comprehensive 
information will be made available within each shutter case, on our website or via the office or sales 
representative.  
Please note that there is a minimum charge for each line item within any shutter order.  The minimum charge 
of 0.5 sq meter per line item regardless of shutter type or supplier. 
In some cases, you can take advantage of a check measure and installation service provided by the shutter 
suppliers.  This service comes at a reasonable cost and provides you with assurance and peace of mind.   
Check with your account manager or customer service for more information. 


--- Page 2 ---
              Sunline Shutters 
Fusion Plus 
FUSION PLUS 
Fusion PLUS shutters are made from a waterproof  reinforced polymer extrusion, making them ideal for wet areas too. 
Manufactured with high strength joints and H shaped aluminium inserts for increased strength and stiffness. Backed by a limited 
Lifetime Warranty, Fusion PLUS shutters are the most durable on the market and the best performing shutter available today. 
Available in special shapes, hinged, fixed, sliding and bifold layouts, Fusion PLUS comes in seven colours to compliment the Dulux 
popular Whites, with a range of framing options to customise to your requirements. 


--- Page 3 ---
              Sunline Shutters 
Sovereign Wood
Sovereign Wood 
The Sunline Sovereign Wood shutter is crafted from A-Grade American Basswood (tilia americana), which is a native hardwood 
harvested exclusively from the east coast forests of North America.  It is light, stable, uniform grain and colour and highly resistant 
to warping.  In addition to these attributes, basswood also remains a reliable, renewable resource which is monitored and harvested 
responsibly. 


--- Page 4 ---
                       Sunline Shutters 
Element13 
ELEMENT13 Aluminium Shutter 
The 13th element of the periodic table, aluminium is incredibly strong for its light weight. Extruded into shutter blades and frames 
that are unaffected by moisture and impervious to insect attack, Element 13 aluminium shutters are perfect for both internal and 
external applications.  
Available in 64mm, 89mm and 114mm blades powdercoated in four standard traditional colours, four timber grains, or custom 
matched to your own colour scheme. 
 Element 13 shutters are accurate with a crisp, straight appearance that make them equally suited to modern interiors. And 
eventually, when Element 13 shutters have reached the end of their economic life, they can be successfully recycled. 


--- Page 5 ---
     Aussie Made 
        Shutter
Aussie Made (PVC Shutter) 
Aussie Made shutters are made from a waterproof polymer extrusion which has a reinforced aluminium core, making them ideal for 
both living and wet areas. Manufactured with high strength joints and round/elliptical shaped aluminium inserts for increased 
strength and stiffness.  
The Aussie Made Shutter is Backed by a 10 Year Warranty on structural stability and a 3 Year Warranty on Parts and Paint. 
For now, “Aussie Made” shutter is available in White only and 89mm blades.  The White is based on the Dulux Lexicon half colour. 
This shutter has Beaded Styles and comes with either “Standard Hinge” or L/Face Hinge 
Framing Options are: 
50mm Recess fit L-Frame 
64mm Face fit L-Frame 
50mm Bullnose Z-Frame 
Other Options Free of charge as follows: 
U Channel (Top and Bottom) 
Light Stop 16mmx16mm 
Stainless Steel Hinges have a surcharge of $7.50 per square metre. 
Pricing is a simple $295 per square metre with an added bonus of being Aussie made and an average two-week lead time. 


